HELLO, MY NAME IS ANETE NETO, I'M A 21-YEAR-OLD STUDENT.
I'M FROM ANGOLA, STUDYING NETWORKS AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS.
I CURRENTLY LIVE IN MONBÉLIARD, FRANCE.
I WAS BORN AND RAISED IN ANGOLA.
I COMPLETED MY HIGH SCHOOL DEGREE IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY IN 2021.
IN THE SAME YEAR, I BEGAN A MAJOR IN COMPUTER ENGINEERING.
I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO PURSUE MY COLLEGE EDUCATION ABROAD.
IN JUNE 2023, I MOVED TO FRANCE.
IN SEPTEMBER 2023, I EMBARKED ON A NEW EDUCATIONAL JOURNEY.
I STARTED A BACHELOR PROGRAM IN NETWORKS AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS.
IN ADDITION TO MY STUDIES, I HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO WORK IN SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT.
I WORKED AS A MOBILE APP DEVELOPER (ANDROID) AND ALSO SERVED AS A DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR.
OUTSIDE OF MY STUDIES, I'M PASSIONATE ABOUT TRAVELING AND ENJOY HOBBIES SUCH AS COOKING AND READING. I'M FASCINATED BY THE SEA.
I DESCRIBE MYSELF AS SOMEONE WHO ENJOYS TAKING ON CHALLENGES AND OVERCOMING THEM ALONG MY JOURNEY.
MY GOALS: I WANT TO WORK IN A MAJOR TECH COMPANY AS A CLOUD SECURITY ENGINEER.
I SPEAK ENGLISH, PORTUGUESE (MY MOTHER LANGUAGE), AND ALSO FRENCH.
THANKS FOR WATCHING.